README.md, before:

# Drawing Fun

This app is an Android learning experience primarily for my own personal development. I have followed the tutorial available [here](https://code.tutsplus.com/series/create-a-drawing-app-on-android--cms-704).

Users can draw on a white canvas using 10 different brush colours and 3 different brush sizes. They can also erase using 3 different brush sizes. Users can create a new canvas, and save their creations to their gallery.

As baby steps towards a new app, the paths that users draw slowly fade away.

##### Release Notes & Future Improvements:
Jul 08: Fixed permissions prompting to comply with newer versions of Android

Jul 07: Fixed dialog box bug

Feb 10: Fixed deprecated methods

Feb 08: Basic 'refogging' functionality implemented

Jan 09: Fixed black line that displayed while erasing

Improvements to be made:
  - ~~Dialog box titles do not display~~
  - ~~Fix black line that is displayed first while erasing~~
  - ~~Test storage permissions on actual device~~
  - ~~Fix storage permissions prompt~~
  - ~~Fix apparently deprecated methods~~
  - Fix refog alpha v. opacity issue, where the lines are never completely erased
  - Change image store location

Commit message:

Image now saves to a 'Drawing Fun' folder, not a random or default location

README.md, after:

# Drawing Fun

This app is an Android learning experience primarily for my own personal development. I have followed the tutorial available [here](https://code.tutsplus.com/series/create-a-drawing-app-on-android--cms-704).

Users can draw on a white canvas using 10 different brush colours and 3 different brush sizes. They can also erase using 3 different brush sizes. Users can create a new canvas, and save their creations to their gallery.

As baby steps towards a new app, the paths that users draw slowly fade away. This functionality will soon be removed so that Drawing Fun is a standalone app.

##### Release Notes & Future Improvements:
Jul 25: Modified the 'save' functionality so that the image saves to a 'Drawing Fun' folder

Jul 08: Fixed permissions prompting to comply with newer versions of Android

Jul 07: Fixed dialog box bug

Feb 10: Fixed deprecated methods

Feb 08: Basic 'refogging' functionality implemented

Jan 09: Fixed black line that displayed while erasing

Improvements to be made:
  - ~~Dialog box titles do not display~~
  - ~~Fix black line that is displayed first while erasing~~
  - ~~Test storage permissions on actual device~~
  - ~~Fix storage permissions prompt~~
  - ~~Fix apparently deprecated methods~~
  - ~~Change image store location~~
  - Remove future app features and restore to core 'Drawing Fun' functionality
